We received a lot of excellent feedback from the judges at Reality Hack, which created a lot of momentum for us to develop our idea even further. We joined the NYU Startup Bootcamp to get a bit more guidance. 

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQ8cqy0lS6zPXYV8J6oteYJ7pcZY4yqO-YCfziUISDO711a49kPASq8pBjabbazsHu95cKEXr3QFwbQ/embed?start=true&loop=true&delayms=3000" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="360" allowfullscreen="true" mozallowfullscreen="true" webkitallowfullscreen="true"></iframe>

Our first task was to identify our initial target customer and the "hair-on-fire" problem we were proposing to solve for them with our idea. We decided to focus on a specific type of community engagement in NYC that drew our attention: participatory budgeting. And our question: how could AR help facilitate communication between local district representatives and their constituents about important decision-making processes? 

Over the two-week bootcamp, we contacted every district office in the city that had implemented participatory budgeting over the last year, connected with both community organizers and XR experts, and attended a meeting about the Civic Engagement Commission's own PB process. After a few interviews, we made the following observations:
1. A lot of the ideas that the community contributes can't be made into proposals because they're out of scope, whether in terms of cost, or in terms of the source that provides the funding. 
2. As such, projects that are the most popular aren't necessarily the ones that will be presented on the ballot during voting. 
3. The PB process may have different traction across districts (and there isn't a "one size fits all" strategy). 
4. Projects to renovate or rebuild public spaces form only a part of the projects that community members can vote on.

We also found that "How could Community Canvas/AR be a remedy?" was the wrong formulation of our research question - whatever technology we came up with was not going to replace any of the existing communication that was already taking place. Thus, we had to take care that we weren't suggesting adding more overhead to a process that already seemed difficult to navigate. We also had to reevaluate our assumption that lack of participation was an issue to community liaisons or district representatives - while community feedback was indeed important, a lack of common ground that meant a lot of time would be spent filtering ideas.